---
title: How to make Breakfast in my Apartment
---

# Introduction
Welcome and good morning my lovely mother, this is documentation that
will guide you through making breakfast for you and my roommate Armando.
Both you and Armando will have two options for breakfast (Armando is
vegan). Choose your recipe wisely and remember that **safety is
paramount** in my kitchen!

# Figures 

![fig1](IMG_1688.HEIC) **Figure 1 (Pantry)**

![fig2](IMG_1689.HEIC) **Figure 2 (Bowls and plates)**

![fig3](IMG_1690.HEIC) **Figure 3 (Pot, skillet, and refrigerator)**


# Mom Recipe One: Migas

Starting off strong, this egg-based recipe is a simple Mexican breakfast
dish consisting of strips of corn tortillas and whipped eggs. It will
take around 14 minutes to complete. Original recipe -
https://themodernproper.com/migas

## Needed Ingredients

-   Olive Oil (2 tbsp) Located in pantry
    (Figure 1)

-   Corn Tortillas (2) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Eggs (2) Located in refrigerator (Figure 2)

-   Butter (1 tbsp) Located in refrigerator (Figure 2)

-   Skillet Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

-   Bowl Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

-   Plate Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

-   Whisk Located on counter in bin (Figure 3)

## Steps

1.  Set the cooktop to medium -high. If successful, the "burner on" red
    indicator light will be on. **Be careful to not touch the hot
    cooktop**

2.  Place the skillet on the hot cooktop

3.  Add the butter and the oil to the skillet

4.  Tear apart the corn tortillas and add them to the skillet

5.  Allow the skillet to sit on medium-high heat for 5-7 minutes

6.  Turn the cooktop heat to low. The "burner on" light should remain on

7.  Add both eggs to your bowl and whisk

8.  Add eggs to the skillet

9.  Stir the contents of the skillet for 2-3 minutes

10. Place contents of skillet on plate, enjoy!

# Mom Recipe Two : Avocado Toast

The current breakfast tyrant of college girls everywhere, this recipe is
sure to leave you with a great start to the morning. It is very easy and
consists of (you guessed it) avocado and toast. It will take around 6
minutes to complete. Original recipe -
<https://www.favfamilyrecipes.com/open-face-avocado-egg-sandwich/>

## Needed Ingredients

-   Bread (2 slices) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Avocado (1/2) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Salt (pinch) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Cherry tomatoes (5) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Plate Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

## Steps

1.  Place both bread slices in the toaster. It will ding when complete,
    will take 1-2 minutes

2.  Slice avocado

3.  Slice cherry tomatoes

4.  Add salt to avocado

5.  Place toasted bread on the plate

6.  Place sliced avocado on the toast

7.  Place cherry tomatoes on the toast, enjoy!

# Armando Recipe One : Steel Cut Oatmeal

Oatmeal is a staple of breakfast foods; steel cut oatmeal is the
evolution. This lightweight and nourishing recipe consists of homemade
oatmeal with blueberries and coconut to up the flavor. It will take
around 20 minutes to complete. Original recipe -
https://www.loveandlemons.com/how-to-make-oatmeal/

## Needed Ingredients

-   Steel cut oats (1 cup) Located in
    pantry (Figure 1)

-   Sea Salt (1/4 tsp) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Cinnamon (pinch) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Coconut flakes (pinch) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Blueberries (handful) Located in refrigerator (Figure 2)

-   Water (3 cups) Located in sink (Figure 3)

-   Pot Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

-   Bowl Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

## Steps

1.  Set the cooktop to high. If successful, the "burner on" red
    indicator light will be on. **Be careful to not touch the hot
    cooktop**

2.  Place the pot on the hot cooktop

3.  Add the water to the pot

4.  Bring the water to a boil

5.  Add the oats and sea salt to the boiling water

6.  Set the cooktop to low. The "burner on" light should remain on

7.  Stir the content of the pot occasionally for 15-20 minutes

8.  Place contents of the pot in the bowl

9.  Add coconut flakes and cinnamon to the bowl, enjoy!

# Armando Recipe Two : Banana Pancakes

This recipe is the not only the epitome of
easy, but also the epitome of delicious. This fluffy beginning to the
morning is certain to bring a smile. It will take around 7 minutes to
complete. Original recipe -
<https://www.noracooks.com/vegan-banana-pancakes/>

## Needed Ingredients

-   Banana pancake mix (1/3 cup) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Banana (1) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Maple syrup (2 tbsp) Located in pantry (Figure 1)

-   Skillet Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

-   Plate Located in cupboard (Figure 3)

## Steps

1.  Set the cooktop to medium-high. If successful, the "burner on" red
    indicator light will be on. **Be careful to not touch the hot
    cooktop**

2.  Place the skillet on the hot cooktop

3.  Add pancake mix to skillet

4.  Allow to cook for 1-2 minutes

5.  Flip the contents of the skillet

6.  Cook the newly turned side for 1-2 minutes

7.  Add contents of the skillet to the plate

8.  Slice your bananas

9.  Add sliced bananas and maple syrup to plate, enjoy!

# Conclusion

Hello again, I hope that you have found yourself having a very enjoyable
and convenient morning! You and Armando alike should be fed, happy, and
ready to start the day! I love you very much, have a great day :)

Your loving son,

*Mason Gelletly*
